Stable Release Changelog (#21454)
Ultimaker/Cura: resources/texts/change_log.txt

- Corrected how flow is applied when using gradual flow adjustments so that extrusion transitions are smoother, align better with the expected behavior, and more consistent, improving overall quality.
- Fixed a case where infill extrusion moves could skip the intended inward move, improving infill start placement and reducing small artefacts at infill boundaries.
- Addressed a CuraEngine issue that caused slicing to crash when generating the inward infill move, making slicing more robust for tricky geometries.
- Removed the nozzle move to X0 Y0 when Z Hop When Retracted was enabled
- Fixed a bug where the Infill Skin Support would move through the Extra Infill Walls
- Fixed an issue where bridging regions could contain many small dotted line segments, improving both appearance and strength of bridges.
- Fixed a bug where 3MFs with custom materials would not be loaded properly
- Updated file saving behavior so it can handle bigger files to be saved more reliably
- Displayed clearer messages when using painting and face‑alignment which are unavailable in compatibility mode

> - Gcode now always sends the XY positions even though it's not always needed to make sure non-compliant machines still accept Cura-generated Gcode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Gcode now always sends the XY positions when either axis value is changed to make sure non-compliant machines still accept Cura-generated Gcode
```

> - Updated the material weight to correctly display for UltiMaker PPSS-CF and Nylon-CF Materials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the material weight to correctly display for UltiMaker PPS CF and Nylon CF Slide materials
```
